= PQueue

== DESCRIPTION

Priority queue with array based heap.

A priority queue is like a standard queue, except that each inserted
elements is given a certain priority, based on the result of the
comparison block given at instantiation time. Also, retrieving an element
from the queue will always return the one with the highest priority
(see #pop and #top).

The default is to compare the elements in repect to their #> method.
For example, Numeric elements with higher values will have higher
priorities.

This library is based off the original PQueue.rb by K.Kodama and
Heap.rb by Ronald Butler. The two libraries were later merged
and generally improved by Olivier Renaud.


== RESOURCES

* home: http://rubyworks.github.com/pqueue
* code: http://github.com/rubyworks/pqueue
* docs: http://rubyworks.github.com/pqueue/rdoc
* talk: http://googlegroups.com/group/rubyworks


== SYNOPSIS

  require 'pqueue'

  pq = PQueue.new([1,2,3]){ |a,b| a > b }

  pq.pop  #=> 3


== COPYING

* Copyright (c) 2011 Thomas Sawyer
* Copyright (c) 2007 Olivier Renaud
* Copyright (c) 2005 K.Kodama
* Copyright (c) 2003 Rick Bradley
* Copyright (c) 2002 Ronald Butler
* Copyright (c) 2001 K.Kodama

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this program except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

   http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

